Process:
1: root/proc.c , on line 13, structure : struct ptable

2:The registers are stored in struct "context" from function swtch.S that is in proc.h, Line 44.

3:UNUSED: the empty slot in ptable such that can be created to a process.
EMBRYO: the process created by using one of UNUSED in ptable
RUNNABLE: the process is ready to be executed by CPU
RUNNING: the CPU is executing this process
SLEEPING: the process is currently sleeping or waiting to be waked up by signals send to it.
ZOMBIE: the process is killed or exit but haven't release the slot in process table.


4：  root/defs.h: Line 123 void     swtch(struct context**, struct context*); Then it is implemented by root/swtch.S, function swtch;

5: The function recieve the process, a new and old one, that is to be switched. It first save all the old registers by pushl, and then
change the pointer from the old process address(%eax) to new process address(%esp) by movl. After that, it popl all the registers in
new process, the eip is not popped because that is the return address.

6: The function that calls swtch is the function scheduler in proc.c Line 266. In this function. it scans all the processes and find p that is RUNNABLE
It calls swtch to save the current context as old and run the new process by swtch function. Then it restore the process p.

The other function that calls it is in sched in proc.c Line 301. This shced is called by yield, sleep, and exit and thus it is called when a process
is going to terminate such that it switch back from previous scheduler call of swtch to proc--> context.

Thus shced and shceduler should work as a cycle for manipulating swtch statement that switch processes and saving and restoring all registers and addresses.

Process startup:

1: The init.c, Line 24, fork() tht forks the first call frame for our exec("sh",argv). 

2: The argv is pushed in initcode.S, Line 10, function start, and is initalized in Line 28, argv.

3:The proc.c, Line 35, function allocproc and the modify of the process table entry is in Line 50 for current process.

SYSTEM CALLS:
The call of open() will first movl 15(SYS_open) to eax which is the system call number that stores into the register and set 64(T_SYSCALL) to syscall
Then the process captures that trap number which is 64 representing the syscall, then it execute the syscall function in syscall.c.
In this function, the syscall.c looks for the number in eax that is stored before and find corresponding number in syscalls[] in Line 102 of syscalls.c
For open it is 15 and it calls the sys_open in Line 133 of syscall.c.


FILES AND FILE DESCRIPTORS:

1: The file descriptor is allocated in sysfile.c, function sys_open, Line 315;
The algorithm used to choose is the function fdalloc, Line 45 where we find the first unused entry in ofile;

2: The array is ofile[] and the type of each entry is a struct file that is defined in file.h, Line 13.

3:The field is struct inode that contians the ref, Reference count,  that holds the offset into the file in Line 7 of file.h

4: The Line 297 in create function where we initialize the offset to 0

5:It can also be intialized to FD_NONE or FD_PIPE 

6:
  12 struct pipe {
  13   struct spinlock lock; //To represent a spinlock in which the uint locked = 0 for not occupied(initial), 1 for occupied.
  14   char data[PIPESIZE]; //an array of 512 characters holding data.
  15   uint nread;     // number of bytes read
  16   uint nwrite;    // number of bytes written
  17   int readopen;   // read fd is still open
  18   int writeopen;  // write fd is still open

7:
argfd(0,0,&f):
This obtains the nth argument of file descripter , store in f, using argint(n,fd) and return the descriptor and corresponding struct file.

fdalloc(f):
This allocates a new file descriptor for duplicate by finding for open slots in ofile and returns the int fd. If there aren't any slot available, it will return -1. 

If both function returns 0, which means success, filedup(f) is called to increase ref count for f, which means create a new reference.
